$NetBSD: CHANGES-pkgsrc-2022Q1,v 1.1.2.7 2022/05/08 15:29:10 bsiegert Exp $

Changes to packages and infrastructure on the 2022Q1 branch:

Pullup ticket #6607 - requested by wiz
devel/R-tcltk2: mark as broken (infinite loop)

Pullup ticket #6608 - requested by tnn
devel/SDL: NetBSD/i386 build fix

Pullup ticket #6609 - requested by tnn
www/gitea: build fix

Pullup ticket #6610 - requested by wiz
sysutils/ioping: build fix

Pullup ticket #6611 - requested by nia
lang/ruby: NetBSD/arm build fix

Pullup ticket #6612 - requested by nia
www/firefox91: security fix
www/firefox91-l10n: dependent update

Pullup ticket #6613 - requested by bsiegert
devel/java-subversion: security update
devel/p5-subversion: security update
devel/py-subversion: security update
devel/ruby-subversion: security update
devel/subversion-base: security update
devel/subversion: security update

Pullup ticket #6614 - requested by tron
mail/mutt: security update

Pullup ticket #6615 - requested by taca
lang/ruby26-base: security-update

Pullup ticket #6616 - requested by taca
lang/ruby27: security update

Pullup ticket #6617 - requested by taca
lang/ruby30-base: security update

Pullup ticket #6618 - requested by taca
lang/ruby31-base: security update

Pullup ticket #6619 - requested by gutteridge
devel/git-base: security update
devel/git: security update

Pullup ticket #6620 - requested by nia
multimedia/pitivi: build fix

Pullup ticket #6621 - requested by nia
devel/afl++: ARM build fix

Pullup ticket #6622 - requested by taca
textproc/ruby-yajl: security fix

Pullup ticket #6623 - requested by taca
www/ruby-puma: security fix

Pullup ticket #6624 - requested by taca
www/drupal7: security fix

Pullup tickets #6626 and #6627 - requested by taca
ruby30-base: build fix
ruby31-base: build fix

Pullup ticket #6625 - requested by taca
security/clamav: security fix

